updated readme to reflect what's currently implemented (#1428)
ionide/FsAutoComplete: README.md

* `fsharp/compile` - accepts `ProjectParms`, tries to compile project, returns list of errors and exit status code
* `fsharp/workspacePeek` - accepts `WorkspacePeekRequest`, returns list of possible workspaces (resolved solution files, or list of projects if there are no solution files)
* `fsharp/workspaceLoad` - accepts `WorkspaceLoadParms`, loads given list of projects in the background, partial result notified by `fsharp/notifyWorkspace` notification

> * ~~`fsharp/project`~~ - **NOT IMPLEMENTED** - previously accepted `ProjectParms` to load a given project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `fsharp/project`  - accepts a `ProjectParms` object (which points to a single project by URI) and loads that project into the current session
```
